8199201940	This is great.  Very inexpensive and works like a charm.  My earlier version stopped working long ago so I was always charging the phone at home.  This works well.
9983788888	This does not fit the Motorola T505 Bluetooth FM Repeater.  It has a standard plug while the T505 is a non-standard plug.  It may work for some phones or cameras.
9983788888	Great adaptor and much better than I expected.  It came faster than it said it would and it was the 1/4 of the price,
9983788888	It is a nice device that stores well.  I like the fact that the cord coils internally.  I use it to recharge my T505 Speakerphone.
9983788888	I have a Motorola T505 bluetooth for my car, but it only came with an indoor charger (?). So I would have to bring my bluetooth inside constantly to avoid having the battery die while I am on the road.This car charger is exactly what I need. I actually used it last night and I quickly charged my bluetooth without any interruption of connection, so my music kept on playing.  It is very durable and does not appear to be made of cheap materials like other seller's products.I am extremely happy with both the charger and the seller. I have definitely added Crazy on Digital as a favorite seller.
9983788888	I use this adapter to keep my blue tooth ready device working in my car so I can make hands free calls and I am not distracted while driving.
9983788888	Cord is too short, just 31 inches.  I did not see length in the ad when I bought it, nor now when I looked back.  I got it for a visor mounted speaker phone, and it is not long enough.  Examining the packaging, I see in small letters on the back "3feet long".  Not quite, even if you add the length of the body / car plug.  Hopefully I'll find another application.  Cord is very thin.
9983788888	This is a handy charge cord for the Motorola T505. It is convenient to have a retractable wire for easy storing in car and in bag for travel. I am satisfied with this product. Thanks.
9983788888	Works good but turns out my bluetooth came with its own car adapter.  This adapter would not have worked with my bluetooth anyway. It does work for my phone so I use it for that so no money lost and I like that it is retractable.
9983788888	I am EXTREMELY pleased with the responce/support that I received.  The original item came but had a problem and I made my disappointment known.  The Company contacted me independently and went out of their way to make me satisfied with the product.  I am extremely grateful for their professionalism and their committment to "Customer Service."  I am a "Happy Camper!"Jack B. Jones, Houston, Texas
9983788888	The plug that goes into the T505 is not the correct size won't work. Only good thing is the charger works with my nokia mobile phone. So now i have a phone charger for the car and motorcycle.
9983788888	Bought this to use with Motorola T505 Bluetooth car product, BONUS that it also charges my Tom Tom, LG Octane phone and retractable feature is unique to car chargers.
9983788888	The charger is exactly what I wanted ... retractable.  Unfortunately, it does not work with the Motorola T505 as the plug will not fit.
9983788888	easily fits in glove compartment and easy  to pack for travel and it works, better than factory made one, as the code is not cumbersome
9983788888	Went for "package deal" (Motorola T505 visor mounted hands-free car phone, car charger, and wall charger), but deleted wall charger as it was decided unnecessary) for an Xmas gift for wife which makes safer vs. holding a unit while driving, and, as I see it, at least argueably safer than a "head mounted" unit.The Motorola T505 phone has been "top rated" for good reason, and the quality and timeliness of service by the vendor which sent it deserves a top "Five Star Rating".However, such is not the case when it comes to the vendor (not MobileCity) of the car charger we received, which is represented and sold as being (quote) "for your T505 Phone", because although the overall shape of the car charger we received is the same as the one which is presented for sale, there are both cosmetic and pivotal differences, such as the connector on the retractable "plug", on the car charger we received, is not compatible with the "jack" or receiver on the T505 phone (which means no matter which way it is turned, no matter how connection is attempted, said car charger cannot be connected to the T505 phone); plus, the subsequent response and abrupt unilateral action by the vendor (not MobileCity) was very objectionably problematic.So, problematic service by vendor (which was not MobileCity), i.e. sending car charger incompatible with Motorola T505 phone, problematic response, and abrupt unilateral action), kills what could have otherwise been another very good rating and calls for a very poor rating.
9983788888	Hello there.  I bought this as a car charger.  The price was very good so I just had to get it.  I was not disappointed with it.  I'm so happy when things work out.Ignore this part.Got to fill in twenty words to keep Amazon happy so....
9983788888	as advertised  very satisfied with everything product is good only thing is it requires too many words before I can submit it
9983788888	I bought this item to go with a Motorola T505 that I was purchasing and that was listed by Amazon.com as being compatible and a suggested purchase, along with an AC charger, when purchasing the T505. Well, the plug-in is not the right type. The plug is incompatible. Now that I read the other reviews I see others have the same problem. When I call amazon.com, they act like it's my problem, they're not going to do anything unless I can't work it out with the vendor. They appear as though they'll continue to falsely advertise a product the claim "arm's length" because of "the way Amazon works." That was excuseable the first time around but to continue to do so is fraud in my opinion and needs to be corrected. I had to escalate to a Supervisor to launch an investigation and they still want me to spend an unacceptable time doing their work. Finally, after I b*tched enough they gave me a certificate for $5.98 (or some such). Hopefully, they'll have enough professionalism to follow through with this and save another consumer the aggrevation they caused me.Professional Retractable Car Charger for Motorola T505 Phone with "One-Touch" button system! (Lifetime Warranty)
9983788888	I wish someone had summed this up better in other reviews but this is a phone charger, for smart phones.  It doesnt work with the Motorola T505 which had a bigger opening than a cell phone.  If you need a cell charger, this is for you, if you need a charger for the T505, this isnt it.  I did find out that the charger for the older Garmin Navi's does fit the T505.
9983788888	This is a good and practical product. I don't use it very often, but is there for when I need it. It's easy to use and it doesn't occupate space; it fits anywhere.
B00022F3QW	This was a replacement part for my wife's old cell phone.  That phone has been a trouper, and this was an essential for her.  Since the phone is so old, this was the only place to find it.
B000HD8BYC	i received my car charger and it has never worked. i've tried changing the fuse but to no avail. what a disappointment
B000HD8BYC	I bought a new phone and they wanted a hefty price for this at the phone store. The price is amazing and it works very well. It charges my phone. End of story.
B000NHS9YE	This is a good product with a great price. All i wanted was a cheap charger that worked. And this fulfills what I need! Get this before buying more expensive!
B000NHS9YE	Delivered it ontime. Works great.The price was the main factor to go with this dealer. 1/2 the  price compared to Samsung dealer.
B000NHS9YE	I got this charger for a fraction of the price of a name brand and it works just fine for me,
B000NHS9YE	You would be better off buying a higher quality charger. This one broke very quickly. I would not recommend this product.
B000NHS9YE	It charges the samsung stripe cell phone I have.  It does what it is supposed to do.  I have only had it for a few weeks so can't comment on durability.
B000NHS9YE	I could not find the mobile charging cord for my older Samsung cell phone.  Verizon, my carrier and where I bought my phone, no longer carried the charging cord for my phone, but was more than happy to sell me an upgraded phone!!I bought this cord and it worked perfectly with my phone.Of course, about a week after I received it, I found the original cord stuck between the seats of my truck!!!
B000NHS9YE	This item works GREAT!!!! Just what I needed while I'm on the road in my business.
B000WLFGW4	I like the LED indicator that shows battery status.  You can't beat the price.  Still working fine after a month.
B0010S4OLW	Well, I guess you get what you pay for.  This charger does work some of the time, but makes the phone beep while it's charging.  Not sure why that is and the Cigular/AT&T store where we got our phone doesn't understand it either.  We broke down and bought one of their car chargers and phone is acting normal again.
B0010S4OLW	This product was broken upon arrival.  Plastic cover for the plug had tabs broken off.  I was unable to reach the company to get my money back or a new charger.
B0010S4OLW	This is a great product for the amount of money I paid for it.  Can't beat it. Charger works great.
B0012S55UE	Plain and simple...This is an awesome cell phone charger! It lights up blue when plugged in and it is very durable. I recommend!
B0012S55UE	This charger works great with several motorola cells I've tested even my I1 charged when all other chargers (car, usb, wall) had failed.
B0012S55UE	I ended up going back to the Verizon store and getting one of their products for $30.00, so this was a complete waste of money. More for the trash heap I guess.
B0012S55UE	i was happy with this order it was what i was looking for at the price i was looking for
B0012S55UE	First things first: IF (and that's IF) you get the genuine OEM Motorola charger listed here, the SPN5400, it works great with modern smart phones like the Motorola Droid, The Incredible, The Google Nexus One, etc. Basically, if your phone has a micro USB connector (and almost all of the newer generation smart phones do), then this is the charger for you.That said: Not every seller is selling the right item. There are lots of reports of people getting the wrong charger (I've had this happen myself). Your best bet: Amazon, who not only IS selling the correct charger, but has the best price, when you factor in shipping, provided you qualify for free shipping from Amazon (either with Prime, or if your order is > $25).The Amazon listing for this charger can be found here: Motorola P513 Vehicle Power Adapter MicroUSB Rapid Rate Charger. Search through the sellers to find Amazon. Their price, if you get free shipping from Amazon, is the cheapest. And you are guaranteed of getting the correct item, brand new, retail.OK, that said, here's the rest of my review:There are so many sketchy sellers selling phone chargers out there, that it can be a bit scary. The problem is that if the charger is poorly made, the output of the charger can be out of spec and can, in some cases, fry the phone you connect to it.For that reason, when it comes to phone chargers, you should stick to name brands. (They are all made in China, but the name brand ones are usually subject to stricter QA).When I found this charger on Amazon, SOLD BY AMAZON, I jumped on it. It's a MICRO USB car charger, made for Motorola and sold under the Motorola name, in retail packaging. The rated output is 4.75-5.25V and 950mA.This charger should work fine with most any phone that uses the MICRO USB connector. The key number to pay attention to is the second one, the rated amperage. This is the MAXIMUM amount of current that the phone can request from the charger. A typical USB port on a PC provides as little as 100mA, and few provide more than 500mA. So this charger should charge your phone faster than when it's connected to a PC. A few phones out now can use up to 1000mA. But that just means they CAN use that amount. If 950mA is provided, they'll still charge, just a bit more slowly.Note that the amperage (second number) merely tells you how much the charger CAN supply, if requested. The phone itself is responsible for asking for the current. That is to say, if this charger can provide 950mA, but your phone can only use 300mA--no problem. Your phone asks for 300mA and the charger provides all of what is requested. If, on the other hand, your phone can use 1000mA, this charger will provide all it can, which is 950mA--a wee bit less than the max asked for. That's also not a problem; it just means your phone will charge a little bit (not much in this case) more slowly. The rated voltage for this charger is presented in a range of 4.75-5.25V. The "ideal" voltage for a USB charger of any type if 5V. And most chargers for home use are rated right at 5V. But car chargers work in a noisier environment and thus you have the range. This is where a cheapo charger can really do damage, as some of them are poorly regulated and can provide voltages that are WAY out of spec. Again, when you can get a name brand charger from a seller you can trust (Amazon) for such a reasonable price, it's very foolish to consider the cheapo no-names.This is an excellent quality name brand travel micro USB charger at a price that beats the no-name junk from third party sellers. What's not to like?BE SURE TO ORDER IT FROM AMAZON AND NOT ONE OF THE THIRD PARTY SELLERS, as some of those have been known to make mistakes with respect to what they ship relative to the listing. I can confirm that Amazon is shipping the P513 /89143N /SPN5400 charger, as pictured.
B0012S55UE	I bought 2 years ago and it still going strong, good quality. Buy it , and don't look back. Yes Yes
B0012S55UE	This product is the best you can get.  It is a genuine Motorola product.  I paid less than $7.00, including shipping.  This is an item that is over $30.00 in local stores, so the price can't be beat.
B0012S55UE	Inexpensive charger which works just fine. I ordered a multiple because no matter how good a charger is, chaos in my car always seems to bend the the USB end, making it useless.
B0012S55UE	This is a great buy! I boight this aboit 4 years ago and it's still going strong. The blue light built into it adds a really nice touch and looks cool.
B0012S55UE	the best car charger i ever had, and this was the esiest way to buy.
B0012S55UE	great product good qualityand it was really cheap i think it was totally worth it , i recommend it very durable
B0012S55UE	Just what I needed for my phone works great I especially like the blue glow that it give off
B0012S55UE	very good service and it's working great. I had to replace a similar one, and this new is working out of the box. Thanks
B0012S55UE	After purchasing another car charger that was supposed to be for RAZR2 V9 and having it blow 2 fuses in 2 different vehicles, I decided to throw it in the trash and purchase this one.  It is the right one for my V9 and works quite fast.  Never, never, never again will I buy something that is not OEM!
B0012S55UE	I purchased this Ciggerette Lighter Adapter for my new Motorola V750 Adventure from Verizon Wireless.  It works great!  It also works with the W755 as well as with the up and coming VU30.
B0012S55UE	works well. i have no complaints. the blue light is not bothersome while driving. charges all my micro usb devices.
B0012S55UE	This is a great charger which charges quickly and is easily visible with its blue light showing power. It's the OEM microUSB car charger by Motorola. Works well with my phone and I'm very pleased with it!  Can't do better with the price and transaction when purchased by SF Planet.
B0012S55UE	This is a great little product; works wonderfully. Lots lets expensive than buying from retail! I recommend this to anyone.
B0012S55UE	I received my charger quickly and exactly as pictured. I love the Motorola blue light. The product seems like a sturdy product. The only reason why I gave it a 4 is because I've only had it for a day and don't know how durable it is and how long it will work.
B0012S55UE	Very nice look . performs as it shoulds. no complaints. charges quickly and cable is very solid.  recommended for anyone.
B0012S55UE	Plug this into the power socket in your car and the plastic 'thumb-finger' window, that's convenient to grab onto to unplug this charger, turns blue - otherwise it's clear - meaning that you have voltage to the charger. Works great to charge my RAZR2 V8 in the car. Money well spent! Quick delivery from the vendor also.
B0012S55UE	OEM charger. Works great.  Extra long cord means I can leave it plugged in while talking on phone. There is a blue light that says on when plugged in so you know it is charging
B0012S55UE	This charger is a real OEM Motorola unit, and it puts a full charge on a RAZR2 V9 very quickly.
B0012S55UE	I have always liked Motorola car chargers, because the power LED is easy to see and the quality has never failed me.  When my family upgraded our phones, we had to switch from mini- to micro-USB, so I bought a handful of these.  We keep one in every car, and even gave one to my mother-in-law when she upgraded recently.  The price here is so much better than buying one at the cellular provider, or even the kiosk at the mall.  Don't get stuck paying $25 for a charger in an emergency.  Buy one of these and keep it in your car.
B0012S55UE	Excellent quality car charger. I recently purchased another one. Be careful with some chargers out there. There are some that freeze up the phone while its charging, rendering the phone useless. I've used this with a Motorola Droid X and a Samsung Fascinate and both work excellent, no phone freezes.
B0012S55UE	I was very dissappointed because it was not the right one for my phone.  I thought that it was but I really didn't know the model # for my phone.  It is a razor that I bought thru AT&T.  Not worth returning so I'm stuck!  I should have made sure it was for my phone before ordering.
B0012S55UE	This charger was just what I wanted an original Motorola car charger. it was packaged very nice and shipped very fast. I would recommend Bobtronics too anyone. I will definitely buy again from them. Great Job GUYS you make internet buying easy and relaxing getting exactly what you order and want thanks.
B0012S55UE	Handy design. I've since moved on to 2 device chargers with different male charging apertures. I wish they made one like this with two types of apertures: one micro and one mini.
B0012S55UE	This charges fast and looks great too the price is $25 less then in the store just buy it you know that you want to!!
B0012S55UE	OEM Motorola RAXZ M car charger, cost 1/3 the price than at Verizon, works perfectly for a lot less, I would buy it again, Thanks =)
B0012S55UE	Huge savings.  Exactly as advertised. The blue light is a little on the bright side, but not really a big deal.
B0012S55UE	Bought two of these, which my wife and I are using for an LG Ally and Droid X.  Solid construction and charges fast.  Only reason I did not give the item 5 stars is that the light on the charger is a very bright blue.  If the charger is in clear view while driving, the light can get a bit annoying.
B0012S55UE	Love the variety of the items that came. I can nnow charge at home in can and when away when needed to keep my cell working, came before date stated, packaging was strong unit was well secure. I would recommend this product, great value.
B0012S55UE	It has a nice light and coiled cable.  Now I don't have cables running all over my car.  Although I don't have the Motorola phone any more it also works well with my new Samsung S III.
B0019P861K	It's a car charger for my LG Dare.  It charges my Lg Dare while I'm in the car... pretty self explanatory.  It does what it says without any issues.
B001J1GJVI	Item arrived in time allotted and in perfect condition.  It is great to have when you are on the road.  who wants a dead phone.  great product
B001J1GJVI	I received one from BargainCell, I would not recommend you leave a full phone on this to charge for many hours. Anyway, I use this mainly because I listen to online radio and use GPS apps while driving. I have noticed that with GPS and all that it barely charges it but that's ok since at least the battery isn't going down.
B001J1GJVI	very convienent when traveling or always on the go.  ok product for the price...beats prices elsewhere that sells car chargers
B001J1GJVI	Don't know how to edit the stars because it won't let me but this is a 5/5 now. I received a replacement and it works.
B001J1GJVI	When the title said G1 Google Smartphone car charger, that's what I expected, however, it was a Motorola V3 charger, which as many cell phones on the market now utilize USB chargers, currently uses. The design on the V3 charger looks a little girly, but as my title says, it get's the job done and I received before I even expected it to hit my mailbox. ... All I paid was a penny, plus shipping, so I can't complain too much. All-in-all, I'm satisfied with my purchase.
B001J1GJVI	After spending $15.00 at my local store for the same charger, I checked Amazon and found the charger at an amazing price.  I ordered and received my charger very quickly.  The charger is doing exactly as it is suppose to...charges my phone!  Needless to say, I returned the $15.00 one.
B001J1GJVI	I was resent the Tmobile G1 Google Smartphone Premium Car Charger (the initial send was damage). It works fine. The cost of the Tmobile G1 Google Smartphone Premium Car Charger was fundamental to AMAZON AND ITS SELLERS: quality products for reasonable cost (frequently at unbelievable savings). ROCK ON AMAZON WITH ITS SELLERS!!!!!
B001J1GJVI	the plastic tab that backs the spring for the center pin was broken on arrival.  Tried to fix it but could not make it work.
B001J1GJVI	I would not purchase this product again. I was very disappointed with it. IThe car charger does not fit into the lighter tightly therefore it is not charging because it is just to loose. I would not recommend this product.
B001J1GJVI	Would be nice if it had a retractable option - otherwise, I had this charger for 2 years - never had an issue.
B001J1GJVI	Don't buy anything from eforcity. They sell knock-off junk accessories that cost a penny and make their money on their shipping. I bought this item and an ipod fm adapter from them and both were not worth the penny they charged, and definitely not worth the exorbitant shipping and handling added on. Stay away from this rip-off company.
B001J1GJVI	I bought three of these chargers. None of them work. Do not waaste your money on it. It's not worth a penny.
B001J1GJVI	It is everything I expected.  It works like its supposed to, isn't that nice.Its nice to be able to still find things for the older phones.
B001J1GJVI	works well for my g1 and any other phone with the motorolla style plug! bought 2 and still have an extra... for the price u cant pass an extra up considering how cheap they are all made
B001J1GJVI	all the cell phone car chargers i've bought in the past haven't lasted very long.i've had this one for a few months and it still works.i don't use it much
B001J1GJVI	Did not work. Yes I know you get what you pay for, but when you add in shipping for this item (it does not qualify for free shipping) it's not worth it. It's annoying. Go to Radio Shack and buy a useful one.
B001J1GJVI	I buy it. I get it.  I use it and it works.  I believe this is the experience every shopper expects and needs.  This store delivered up to my expectation, so it gets 4 stars.  Why not 5 starts?  5 means extraordinary, it just not there yet.
B001J1GJVI	I bought this charger in Aug 2010 by Feb 2011 it was burnt out. The light was on like it was working but it didn't charge the phone anymore. It was super cheap so I guess it served its purpose for awhile. It didn't damage my phone in any way, I would buy a again.
B001J1GJVI	I HAD GOT THIS CHARGER ESPECIALLY BECAUSE OF THE PRICE IT DOES WORK BUT IT BURNS OUT YOUR BATTERY I HAD TO GO TO TMOBILE 3 TIMES BECAUSE MY PHONE HAD STOPPED WORKING THE THIRD TIME I WENT THE SALES PERSON ASKED IF I WAS USING A CHARGER THATS NOT MADE STRAIGHT FROM THE COMPANY AND I SAID MY CAR CHARGER AND HE SAID THAT WAS THE PROBLEM SO I STOPPED BEING CHEAP AND GOT THE REAL ONE AND MY PHONE HAS BEEN STRAIGHT FOR THE LONGEST IN OTHER WORDS DONT GET THIS UNLESS YOU WANT PROBLEMS
B002B3Y4SS	This charger charges my phone faster than my wall charger. The retractable cord is genius! Had it two years, works like a dream!
B002J79KX0	My hubby is a over the road driver and just loves this keeps everything so nice and neat in the truck.
B002J79KX0	We especially like the retractable cord and east portability. This one replaced a Christmas gift that wasn't compatible with the phone and we like t even more.
B002J79KX0	I bought this charger for my husband who is very happy with the charger.  The retractable cord is great and is much better than the heavy, short coiled cord he had been using.  It easily retracts when not in use, therefore preventing tangles and keeps things neat.  I will be ordering one for myself as well.
B002J79KX0	Nice to have a charger with a retractable cord works fine. Easy to store in glove compartment. My husband keeps it in his pickup.
B002J79KX0	I bought 2 Rubberized Retractable Car Chargers for my wife's Motorola MOTO W755 cell phone. The connector to the phone does not fit at all. Too small. However, I was able to use it for my LG enV2 VX9100 cell phone. The smaller flat connector fits well in this phone. That is why I rated this car charger 3 stars, since it was advertised for the wrong phone. The retractable feature works great. I wished that it had worked for my wife's phone. I have bought other car chargers for the MOTO W755 that either came broken in pieces [cheap], or did not fit like this one, or did not charge the Motorola battery.
B0034ZWXXU	I am pleased with the Retractable Power Pack (Car Charger & Travel Charger) for my Barnes & Noble Nook.  I love the retractable feature!!! No more dangling wires. Check it out:Retractable Power Pack (Car Charger & Travel Charger) for Barnes & Noble Nook
B0034ZWXXU	Item was advertised to be compatible for the Nook, but it will not charge my Nook tablet. Tried it on a friend's regular Nook and a Nook Color, and it won't charge them either. The USB connector fits, it just won't charge. It did charge my neighbor's iphone, so I guess it's better suited for that. I'm very disappointed with this product.
B0035N6ZVW	this thing stopped working after 1 day. i am very unhappy. i have never had this experience buying something on here...
B0035N6ZVW	I was a little hesitant to order a non-Blackberry brand car charger, but for the price figured it was worth a shot. I was very happy to find that it words perfectly, and charges the Blackberry Pearl even more quickly than the wall charger the phone came with does.
B003PYOTJ6	The AC adapter part of this charger combo never quite worked right.  Did not put out enough juice to charge the phone.  After one week, it quit working altogether.  Opened it up and saw carbon across the wires that plug into the wall.  Dangerous!  Wouldn't recommend this item.
B003PYOTJ6	When my dog chewed through my samsung reality usb cord, I needed a replacement. Verizon probably would have charged me 15 bucks just for the usb CORD. Instead, I got a wall charger, a usb cord, and a car charger. The usb cord also works with the usb wall adapter that the reality comes with. A great buy.
B003PYOTJ6	Don't buy this product.  The wall charger ruined my cell phone battery.  I purchased it because I lost my wall charger while on vacation. I had no prior problems with my cell phone battery.  Once I used this to charge my battery, after leaving it plugged in all night, it did not completely charge my battery.  Now the battery will only last less than 1/2 a day.  Prior to using this charger my cell phone battery lasted at 2-4 days per charge depending on my phone usage.  Now, I am lucky if it last a 1/2 day and that's with very minimal cell phone use. I have had to purchase a new cell phone battery.
B003PYOTJ6	What you pay is what you get with this product. The product is cheap and falls apart easily, the car charger never worked from day one. The usb charger was the best part of this deal. If its to good to believe, dont believe it.
B003PYOTJ6	We were very pleasantly surprised! Couldn't believe how affordable this set was, and we received it VERY quickly. This is NOT a cheap knock off. Saved a whole lot of money compared to buying these pieces from a "phone store."
B003PYOTJ6	Car charger not as picture.  I received a thin uncoiled cord.  Other parts are cheaply made feel like they will come apart when used.
B003TYAEEG	I was hesitant to order this charger at such a cheap price, but I have had it for almost a year, and it works great when I am in the car.  The retractable cord hasn't gotten tangled once, and it seems to charge my phone really quickly.  I have since upgraded from the Aria to another phone with a Micro USB slot, and the charger works on that too.  Pleasantly surprised!
B003TYAEEG	Preliminary review: I ordered two of these chargers (they're so inexpensive and I knew they wouldn't last forever). I've used the first charger for two months. Yesterday my phone died and I noticed the charger wasn't working. OK, I can understand that. But I left the charger plugged in and periodically kept trying to see if it would work, hoping it was just a loose connection. Later in the day a smell of burning plastic was noticed coming from the charger. I unplugged the charger at that time. There's no obvious damage on the outside of the charger but I worry about a potential fire hazard. I'll use the second charger starting today and I hope the same problem doesn't happen again. It's one thing to stop working; another to start to burn...
B003XUAJZU	The mobile phone car charger works great, and now the phone can be charged even if the electricity goes out at your home during storms. I am very pleased with this product.
B003XUAJZU	I needed a car charger for my Pantech Link phone, and this item fits the bill. It was very inexpensive and it works great. What more can I say?
B003XUAJZU	The red light indicating the charger is on was on, but it did not charge my phone.  The item was inexpensive so it wasn't worth it to pay shipping to send it back.
B003XUAJZU	Was very pleased with the service of this vendor.  Purchased two of these car charges and one of them did not work.  However the vendor was very quick to send a replacement that arrived very quickly.  Currently using both car charges and am very pleased with them.
B003XUAJZU	Works fine, and convenient suits my and my purposes. Would recommend it to all people, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
B003XUAJZU	THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT WAS FANTASTIC OR A REASONABLE PRICE&#62;  IF I EVER NEED ANOTHER I SURELY WILL BY A RAPID FAST CHARGER  .
B003XUAJZU	Used three times and then stopped working.  Have wiggle, jiggle and otherwise play with wire to get it to charge the phone.  Better off buying expensive one from phone store.
B003XUAJZU	fast service and low priceI dont know what else to say to get 8 more words, now 3 more
B003XUAJZU	The first charger I received didn't work with my phone at all.I did receive a replacement that does work.
B003XUAJZU	Product arrived timely and not damaged. What can I say ... a charger is a charger. It fits and seems to be working just fine. So far I am very happy with this purchase and woiuld buy again!! The price was right for me also. Thank you!
B003XUAJZU	Wow! For around 4 dollars you can get this great little car charger! It arrived fast and works great! The connection is good and the cord is long enough! Great service and would order from this seller again!
B003YA9IOW	I had it for a while. But then it finally broke. Lasted a heck of a lot longer than I thought it would. But luckily I found one just like it at CVS. and after the shipping it was about the same price.
B003YA9IOW	This is a great product. It works great with many of my electronic devices. I am glad I made this purchase. It was the right price and easy to carry. I love it. Thanks.
B003YA9IOW	Got this for my mom's GPS. It works great, but the red light is quite the bright little fella. You might want to put some tape over it if you plan on using it at night
B003YA9IOW	This is probably the way to go for so many electronics when you're on the go! They all have USB adaptor/chargers; it eliminates the need for a car charger as well as wall + PC!  Price is right too.
B0042MEH74	Being I bought one of these with a standard USB end, it lasted a few years under heavy use in a vehicle.  Finally got stepped on and broken.  So buying a pair of these (one for spare), although it was advertised on the page as a USB, not as a MICRO USB (funny how the request for this review shows it as this, but the supplier could not).  Contact with the company was actually a lot of double talk on my dime no less, and they said OK and mailed me another pair of the exact same items.  They were both also MICRO USB's as well, even though they said they had both, the shipping guy hasn't a clue evidently.  So I kept one set, returned the other, and tore up a new one to fix my old one with the proper wiring.
B004CCSRT8	amati bozi deda movtyan, n86-is manqanis charjeriao da chamovida chveulebrivi tsvril taviani nokias manqanis charger-i. am yleebs is ver gaurcheviat mrgvali da tsvrili tavi farte da ptyelisagan. sul sxva chamovida, xarisxze verapers vityvi, me ar mchirdeba.....
B004QPI0K2	We love this!!!  The kids can play X-box in the car, which was a lifesaver the last time we took a long trip.  We can also charge the camera battery while driving.  The USB port on it helps us also charge a cell phone at the same time.
B004QPI0K2	i received prompt delivery and item was as described.  the adjustable tip makes the item much easier to plug in to a low socket as is the case in my vehicle.  i like it.
B004YWT16Y	The charger works well. I have used it for about a week and it is very convenient. Having both AC and DC to USB in one compact unit is very usefull.
B0052B9LC0	This transmitter is amazing and works great . Perfect gadget and great priceeasy to use and is pretty clear . fast shipper
B0052B9LC0	I bought this for a quick and cheap fix.  The charger has fallen apart.  And there is a squeeky sound most of the time when listening to music or an audio book from my phone.
B0052B9LC0	My hubs and I were excited to get this since it would clean up the console area of the vehicle, BUT... the fm transmitter does not work. And it has nothing to do with the car, as we tried it in all 5 vehicles we own and it wouldn't transmit. Also, the bendable stick thing isn't nearly stout enough to hold the weight of the device up (which is actually even one of the smaller androids), so... now its currently vel-cro'd to the dash, and as soon as my card sits in the sun I know it will melt and make a nasty mess, so I'll be getting something else ASAP.  It does seem to charge, so i gave it one star. That is the only thing that works, but that is not even why I bought the thing to begin with, I wanted an f.m. transmitter/holder to hold it up so I wouldn't be looking down toward the floorboard/ac-dc outlets to keep from possibly vearing off the road.
B0052B9LC0	This item does NOT fit the droid 4. At least properly. It will hold the phone securely & allow you to connect to the headphone port; the power/usb port however is covered by the holding arm & therefore useless... unless you do what i did & find a coping saw & remove a 1/4 of an inch.. then everything works great!edit-- after using for some time I have to say the phone causes some sort of interference in FM transmitter. Not sure if the 4g is too strong of a signal or what the issue is, but its annoying.. have to change to 2 stars will be looking for a replacement soon
B005GI6X52	It does the job. Just plug your usb cord into it and it works fine in the car. It is small so you have to make sure you dont misplace it
B005X0MEUG	Worked good for awhile then the tip of it broke off and i had to buy another one so not satisfied with this product.
B0076F1RMC	Bought it for my mom and it works great! She really likes it and I'm happy with it. Totally recomend it
B0076F1RMC	Great charger.  It will charge both the iphone and ipad.  Charges both devices fast.  No issues with sounds or humming in the speakers.
B0076F1RMC	Bought this to specifically to charge the iPad but it won't charge it. Charges the iPhones fine but will not charge the iPad.  Tried in all the car outlets. Looking for another charger
B0076F1RMC	It didn't last long.  It worked great at first and then just quit working after about 3 months. I hate when things just quit working.
B0076F1RMC	The cords plastic sheath came off the first time I tried to pull it from the charger. Kind of cheaply made I think, but it does work.
B0076F1RMC	definitely works faster than my old charger and a bonus to have two outlets so I can use my phone as a Nav and the woman can use hers as a charger. works as described for me
B0076F1RMC	My husband has an iPad, and had been trying to charge it on my iPod charger when we are driving. My charger did not seem to charge the iPad quickly, so after reading the reviews, I grabbed this. It works much faster for the iPad, but I notice it causes a weird hum in my speakers when I am using my iPod and have it charging at the same time. Not sure why. However, seems perfectly fine for charging the iPad!
B0076F1RMC	Cover On Charging Cord Came Apart ; Loose From Factory Before I Even Use It . Waste Of Money And Time .
B0076F1RMC	Bought this because it does iPad as well as iPhone. Perfect for me when I am on the road. Travels with me everywhere.
B0076F1RMC	This is the second RND product I purchased and they have both been good quality. A little more expensive compared to some others but work great with my IPhone 4s.
B0076F1RMC	I purchased this combo because it could be used with the 28v system in my aircraft to power an iPad and iPhone. I have used it for a year and have had no trouble with it. It gets used 3 to 5 times a week for this purpose. The plug is small but not flush mount to the power receptacle. It sticks out approximately one inch. The cord is sturdy and matches Apple quality.  I would purchase this again without a second thought.
